Hash: 1
Title: SpaceX
Content: 
India's premier space agency ISRO has built a reputation for launching rockets into space at very convenient prices. The consequent effect? A lot of customers from around the world have come flocking to avail india's economical rocket-launching services and this has helped the country make some extra bucks from its spacce exploration program. However, it's a pretty competitive space. Elon Musk's SpaceX has has a decent run in the past couple of time and the recent successful launch of the Falcon heavy rocket has paved the way for launching heavy satellites into space. SpaceX and ISRO are competitors of sorts in the business of commercial satellite launches. The question is, how big threat is SpaceX to India's space agency!
Area of Specification: Astronautics
Hash: 2
Title: Artificial_Intelligence
Content: 
Despite the distance that AI has come over the last years, it's still in it's infancy stage. And despite that fact, it's creating a massive drift in all fields of civilization, nowadays. As Sam Harris defined it, Intelligence is but a matter of information processing, and the only path we eventually will create intelligence that it is greater than huma combined. This process involves creating intelligence systems. We're currently approaching the perfection of artificial narrow intelligence, that is, systems that are extremely intelligent performing a certain specific task. The jump from narrow to general is huge, but we'll eventually get there.
Area of Specification: Machine_learning
Hash: 3
Title: Stable_Cryptocurrency
Content: 
While cryptocurrencies have great potential to excel, the volatile nature and constant price fluctuations are some of the greatest criticisms directed towards the crypto market. After all, a useful currency should provide a store of value and unit of account, both of which require balance. As a result, there is growing desire to bring stability to the cryptocurrency market, which is now being done through the implementation of "Stable coins".
Area of Specification: Cryptocurrency
Hash: 4
Title: Virtual_Reality
Content: 
VR and AR reality represents areas of oppotunity. VR failed to live up to the wildest promises when the new systems launched in 2015. But the number of job postings for VR and AR has risen 93% since 2015, with 17% of that growth happening in the past year. Those jobs are dispersed across the U.S.
Area of Specification: Computing
Hash: 5
Title: Deep_Web
Content: 
About 40% of the world's population uses the web for news, entertainment, communications and other purposes. Yet even as more and more people log on, they are actually finding less of the data stored online. That's because only a silver of what we know as the WWW is easily accessible. The so-called surface-web, which all of us use routinely, consists of data that search engines can find and then offer up in response to your queries. But in the same way that only the tip of an iceberg is visible to ovservers, a traditional search engine sees only a small amount of the information that's available - a measly 0.03 percent.
Area of Specification: Dark_Network
Hash: 6
Title: hi
Content: 
there
Area of Specification: hello
